after down payment on August 6th from the below Bologna
toucan championship left matera midfielder through back
and the 73rd
here is the crossbar
the goal from the head that you remember spencer for days
we were at 28 November
practically photo years ago in '93 8 years ago - a few days here is the
party
it seems right to me if it is not needed and this is a pasture u
therefore rose rose good tironi here we are mantova definition of bologna
Mantua plays and at the 51st another bologna wins to Mantua 21 of the goalkeeper
udinese store owner
debut
in the moment I don't have it yet
Florentine firm flowers
no there were ever intermezzo contacts had debutants 5 of december and buddy
valastro is waiting for you here is how to cure a black cat
we are not from Pistoia bologna
if an attack seems to me to be via bonetti probably
the punishment left platform like Pistoia
December 19 nigeria nn you anticipate robbery goals as they say
I broke the boxes on his own
technarte who remains between us who pursues him and emanuele has beaten football
d
punishment
we were Christmas Eve components of the brands we loved cecconi
continuous savior
then 2003
I do not speak French, here I am if I switch off life truscello, that is, we remedy a
advance the ball
ceconi there is no detections in the ball the famous robbery goal
how old you were bacchus
aversa - 43050 20 23 years just completed 31
bologna special 2 verona double
scored gorizia hotel fifth minute and this was double at the 67th msn
victory in public is safe
we were already all beautiful covers of the pecche at the 94th of February
how many people because bologna espalnds always collects the usual 30 thousand
adalberto if whatever the category as it seems to me true as well as obvious
even a nice challenge at the top between once was the calm so you
remember something here how you went about it like being able to live fun if
is dived
beautiful this traverse I can not hahahah frame
there are agreements the 123 century with the ball bounces requirements semeraro iside e
osiris that with the full like going to party the 2 to 0 to which we are bologna
alessandria
March 13 th sale rises and is the first minute of play
there is a cross
the artistic than the vampire started the game
the traverse escher leini
he is served
this beautiful albania balloon so and put it in that important ragdoll
because finished 3 3 as alexandria
and we arrived in March Rome to receive the embrace of cecconi per
tire shop away
always rossoblù shirt
then here I go again looking for
we are still with Mantua
probably still r3 of providence in the bathroom with the goats war
what a beautiful moretti
d text
you can also make verona rightness of something marco you want to
remember if you remember equitalia you see this ecor mantova bologna
mantova 1 to 0 8 May
you hurt yourself without you
he made this nice goal goal
decisive for pierre mantoux 1 of its victims
anaclerio
I use two great marco friends
that remains on the ground but in the meantime they have already put in, antonella hotel
clerici breast
anticipated on
goalkeeper coming out of slams against the TV
I don't know if later you haven't been in the field names of things
we were at May 8th 94 then now here maybe there is the pearl we are to you
pistoia
there is a free kick
beats him
diamonds there is an attempt of cecconi then the ball again because with the state
beware the 9 ch
well in short, check with your mother, so be applause is
true but I don't remember it they appear but it arrives to roteolia
while VAT does not collect orders. south america with pineapple
marella ferrera di varese bologna 0 1 68th
revelers say the bologna fans fc minutes in the stands however this is
a great man if
it is also beautiful the same as the sky see another having bought this swamp
after all carabela copy two who speak